[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
And we have an amazing
program for you today.
Jaime Maussan is a
Mexican journalist.
He is an expert
investigating UFOs.
And he has been interviewed
on more media outlets
than just about
anybody I can remember.
And we're going to be
talking with Jaime today
about a number of
amazing UFO cases
plus some of the new things
he's been working on.
Jaime, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>JAIME MAUSSAN:
Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: It's always good
to see you, my friend.
>>MAUSSAN: Thank you,
it's the same for me
>>NOORY: How did you get
started investigating
all these very strange cases?
>>MAUSSAN: Well,
as you know, I've
been a journalist all my life.
I worked in "60
Minutes" in Mexico.
I became an
investigative journalist.
And in 1991 I
realized that we were
in front of one of the
most important phenomenons
of our time.
People were recording
UFOs in Mexico City
and around the world.
And that's what I did.
I asked people to record
more, to watch the skies.
And then I got involved.
And I received many, many
videos that I presented in TV.
And I got more.
From there I started
to investigating cases
on the field as I
do all the time.
>>NOORY: Did you have
that "oh my gosh"
feeling when you started
investigating these cases
and you began to realize
there's something
very strange going on?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes.
As you know when you are a
journalist, you need facts.
You need good evidence.
And when I realized
that the video recorded
by very normal people, we
are talking about times
where CGI was almost unknown.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MAUSSAN: It was not available.
Then we saw this craft.
And I thought,
wow, this is real.
This is very important.
This is something I have
to really go in-depth.
And that's what I did.
And from that case, I went
to the other and the other.
I always investigated
in the field.
Because unfortunately
now, most investigators
just work in the internet.
They don't go to the places.
>>NOORY: That's right.
They don't go out
onto the field.
>>MAUSSAN: They don't go
and talk to the people.
They don't got the feeling
and get the evidence
to prove if something's
right or it's not.
>>NOORY: But you do.
>>MAUSSAN: That's what I do.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>NOORY: There are so
many cases worldwide.
We could go on for
18 "Beyond Belief"
shows to talk about every case.
>>MAUSSAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: But you have focused
recently on cases in Italy.
>>MAUSSAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Amicizia.
>>NOORY: --a case that
is at least 40 years old.
Tell us a little bit about that.
Then we're going to
look at a video on this.
>>MAUSSAN: It's something
I learned very recently.
I learned that in
2007 Stefano Breccia
wrote a book in Italian.
Very recently, it was
translated into English.
It is called "Mass Contacts."
And this man was a scientist.
He was director of the
University of L'Aquila,
"the eagle," in Italy.
This is a very
important university,
at least four
Nobels work there--
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MAUSSAN: --under his command.
And we're talking about one of
the most important scientists
in artificial
intelligence in the world.
He decided to write
this book because he
participated in
this experiment that
happened from 1956 to 1978.
At least 150 people
in Italy, and we're
talking about
journalists, we are
scientists, diplomats,
very, very important people--
>>NOORY: And just people.
>>MAUSSAN: --religious people.
>>NOORY: All kinds of people.
>>MAUSSAN: All kinds of people.
And they were in contact
with ETs, extraterrestrials,
human-like.
These extra terrestrials,
some of them
live in Pescara and Milan
in Italy and most of them
under the sea in a base
in the Adriatic Sea.
It sounds crazy.
>>NOORY: It sounds strange.
>>MAUSSAN: It sounds
science fiction.
But I found at least
four witnesses, all
of them more than 80 years old.
And they decided to speak to me.
And they provide me with
photographs and films
from the '50s.
And we tested them.
We asked some
analysts to really try
to decide if they were real.
And they told me that they
were real, absolutely real.
And then I started to really
get interested in this case.
And then I found that all
these extra terrestrials were
trying to help human beings.
And they went to different
countries like Russia.
They went to Switzerland.
They went to Austria,
Argentina, Chile.
Not to the US, not to Mexico.
They went to France.
And they were in contact with
some people in every country.
The only case we have
been able to investigate
is the one from Italy.
But we have enough
evidence to consider
that this case was real.
And something very important,
when these people left in 1978
in the 21st of June, 1978,
they destroyed their race
under the sea.
We had a tsunami, 90 feet
wave tsunami in both coasts--
>>NOORY: That's a
good-size tsunami.
>>MAUSSAN: --in
Croatia and in Italy.
And then we think that
everything they said is real.
Some of the ETs were
living in Pescara.
>>NOORY: And what do you
mean by living there?
>>MAUSSAN: They were
in contact with people.
>>NOORY: Amongst society?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Then they look like us?
They drove cars.
Some of them--
>>NOORY: They drove cars?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes.
They smoke cigarettes.
>>NOORY: How'd
they get licensed?
>>MAUSSAN: They did
things as humans.
No, because they were
involved in the human society.
>>NOORY: Country of origin--
Neptune or whatever.
>>MAUSSAN: I don't know.
But it's, well, that's
what the witnesses say.
And, you know, when you
talk to these old people,
you get the feeling that
they are telling you
the truth and so much detail.
>>NOORY: You know what, I was
going to ask you that, Jaime.
When you look at somebody and
you look at them in the eyes,
can you tell if they're pulling
your leg or telling the truth?
>>MAUSSAN: It was very
difficult for them to talk.
I mean, it was very difficult.
They didn't want to.
But Bruno Sammaciccia,
the man who
was the leader of this
group died in 2003.
And he asked them
now to open the case.
And the first one was
Stefano Breccia in 2007.
And that's when the world
learned about this case.
It's very important that
American investigators,
field investigators got
interested in this case,
go to Italy, and try
to convince themselves
how important this case was.
>>NOORY: "Amicizia" means
friendship in Italian.
Let's look.
>> For some time now, Jaime
Maussan has been traveling
to Italy to find and interview
the participants of what could
be the largest mass contact
program in the history
of humanity.
It was known as
"amicizia," which
means "friendship" in Italian.
For decades,
starting in the '50s,
politicians,
university professors,
and citizens of Italy
were contacted by beings
from a different world.
The ETs were on
earth on a mission
to help humanity evolve to
their next spiritual level.
The many witnesses
and participants
of the program filmed
flying craft, flew with ETs,
and even learned their language.
Jaime has been following
the case for many years.
According to the
witness testimonies,
other alien factions
that idolize science
attempted in numerous occasions
to bring the project down.
The conflict led to a plethora
of paranormal phenomenon
in the Adriatic Sea and
over the Italian skies.
>>NOORY: Jaime,
these black and white
photographs that we just saw and
video, I mean, what were they?
>>MAUSSAN: Well,
this is a craft that
made a demonstration to them.
There are many more pictures.
This is just a very few.
>>NOORY: Just a highlight
of some of them.
>>MAUSSAN: Yes, and there
are many more films,
all of them from the '60s.
It means that if
this is a hoax, it
was planned 50, 60 years ago,
which doesn't make sense.
>>NOORY: Were those
authentic pictures?
>>MAUSSAN: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And they are.
And we have the negatives.
And the negatives
are from that time.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MAUSSAN: And besides
that, they were tested.
We know that they were
not over impositions.
There is no trick, that
they all just were large.
And there were many
different details
that the analysts found to
declare this evidence real.
We have all of these.
I have to tell you
that in gaia.com you
can find in the Spanish
site, this evidence,
this full investigation.
Because there is
so much to this.
And I think it's
important because it
seems that many years ago there
was a clear intent from them
to really get in touch with us.
But the experiment
failed because of humans.
We fail as we usually do
because of interest, because
of money, because of how we are,
unfortunately, and they left.
But they said they
could come back.
And we think they did.
And I'm going to speak you that
in the next part of the show.
>>NOORY: Jaime, with
these visitations,
let's say specifically
in Italy, what do you
think the ETs are looking for?
Are they trying to help us or
is there a different agenda?
>>MAUSSAN: At least
the human-like,
they try to help us.
That's what they say.
They said that love, for
them, was very important.
Love was like energy.
I don't understand
how, but that's
what every one of the
interviews, the interviewers
told me.
They said love was the
energy that they need
to really to survive and work.
>>NOORY: And you
can believe them?
>>MAUSSAN: I believe them.
At the beginning,
as I said, it was
very difficult to say, to
really believe that there
were people living there.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MAUSSAN: Taking cars,
doing things like humans,
living like humans.
>>NOORY: Interacting,
everything, breathing our air.
>>MAUSSAN: They like to drink.
>>NOORY: They like to drink?
>>NOORY: What's their
favorite little beverage?
>>MAUSSAN: They like to smoke.
They told me that.
I don't know why.
But it seems that that was also
real and part of the experiment
for some reason.
>>NOORY: How long do they live?
>>MAUSSAN: They live
for hundreds of years.
>>NOORY: They do.
Even smoking?
>>MAUSSAN: [LAUGHING]
>>NOORY: Someone's got to tell
them to stop smoking, right?
>>MAUSSAN: Yeah,
well, I don't know.
That was part of
that experiment.
But that's what they did.
One of the people
involved Emilio
was able to decode their
messages, their language.
And we were able to understand
so much more from them
through their translations
from this language.
>>NOORY: Did they say what star
cluster or planetary system
they were coming from?
>>MAUSSAN: No, but they say
it was a planet very, very
similar to Earth.
And they said that originally
that planet was destroyed.
And then they went
to different planets.
And now they found the Earth.
For some reason
probably, they wanted
to live here or
something because they
tried to adapt to how we were.
But at the end, they
couldn't stand us
and they leave, unfortunately.
>>NOORY: How long or how
many of them, do you think,
came here at one time?
>>MAUSSAN: Hundreds of them.
>>NOORY: Hundreds of them.
>>NOORY: With a
number of craft, too?
>>MAUSSAN: Most of them, even
kids, living under the sea,
living in a base.
This base was so high.
It was like a mile,
the floor to the roof.
And it rains inside.
And then--
>>NOORY: Was the base a
craft that basically sat
on the bottom of the ocean?
>>MAUSSAN: No, no.
They explained how they do it.
There is a full explanation,
scientific explanation
how can they really
make these holes
without taking the dirt out.
They compress it,
they open it, and then
somehow they are able to build.
>>NOORY: There's like a
bubble around it or a dome?
>>MAUSSAN: Exactly.
It's like exactly like if
you make a balloon inside
and you push it.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MAUSSAN: That's
how they did it.
And there's a full explanation
of the craft, the materials,
the energy they use.
There is so much.
I couldn't explain all of that
because I'm not a scientist
and because it's a
very long explanation.
But the people who wants
to read about this,
this book "Mass Contacts." they
can find it in the internet.
And they can read about this.
And I think it's
worth it because it
was a real experiment.
And I believe after seeing
the evidence that this really
happened.
>>NOORY: And you think
it's ongoing, Jaime?
>>MAUSSAN: I think it's
ongoing because I'm
going to present to you
the next case in your show
that I think is related to this.
Now there is one
person recording
these UFOs very close.
And they are real.
And it's happening in
Italy, too, in Milan.
>>NOORY: What is so special
about Italy and these cases?
>>MAUSSAN: Well, I don't know.
As
>>NOORY: As opposed to
Mexico, Switzerland, Russia,
it seems like Italy
has a lot lately.
>>MAUSSAN: Yes, well, for some
reason, they like the people.
They like the place.
I cannot tell you why.
>>NOORY: Maybe they're
in to pasta, who knows?
>>MAUSSAN: [LAUGHING] Maybe.
Maybe, but it seems
that Italy has
become very important for them.
And right now I think the most
important case in the world
is happening right there.
I'm not saying-- most cases
are happening now in Russia.
Russia is very important, too.
But the most documented
case with the best evidence
right now is happening in
Italy where Antonio Urzi lives.
>>NOORY: Yeah, and tell us
a little bit about Antonio.
>>MAUSSAN: Antonio
Urzi is a designer.
He designs clothes for
Lady Gaga, Rihanna--
>>NOORY: A designer?
>>MAUSSAN: --Beyonce,
Aguilera, Christina Aguilera.
Many, many very famous artists.
He works for Versace.
He works for Armani.
He works for Chanel.
Some of the most important
designers in Italy,
he works for them.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>MAUSSAN: He doesn't have the
big name as a designer yet.
And he doesn't get the big
bucks from the business.
But he's probably one of
the most important artists.
Lady Gaga loves him.
He has done all his
clothes for the tours
and for the Super Bowl.
And then he's a very,
very important man.
>>NOORY: Well, now how did
this guy a designer get
involved in the study of UFOs.
>>MAUSSAN: Well,
since he was a kid.
He was a very young kid,
five or six years old,
and he started to tell
his mother and his father
about these UFOs following him.
And he started to look
to the sky every day.
And sometimes he told his father
and mother they are there.
And sometimes they saw it.
I interviewed them.
I interviewed his brother.
I interviewed his
father, his mother.
And they told me yeah, we didn't
believe him until we saw them.
And then he grew.
He decided to start recording
them at the end of 2003.
In the year 2000, he got
close to Simona Sibilla.
And after they met
for some reason,
the sightings
increased even more.
From 2002 to 2003 he
saw hundreds of UFOs
until they decided
to record them.
And he was not thinking in
releasing all this information
or all the videos to anyone
until at the end of 2004, 2005,
he decided to ask some
people like Giorgio
Bongiovanni, stigmata,
who is my friend,
to analyze and to take
a look to his case.
And then I was
invited to go in 2006.
And that's when I saw
the videos from Antonio.
And I thought that
they were fake.
Because they were so good
that they couldn't be true.
>>NOORY: Well, let's look at a
little bit of Antonio's work,
Jaime.
>> This is some of the most
outstanding UFO footage
of history, the
quality, consistency,
and diversity of the identified
craft stands out from most
other sightings.
This is the work of Antonio
Urzi, world-renowned UFO
hunter.
For decades, he has been
filming otherworldly craft
over the skies of Italy.
Interestingly,
most of his footage
has been taken at the
epicenter of the activities
of the Italian mass
contact case, "Amicizia"
that took place during the
later half of the 20th century.
For Urzi, it all
started at an early age
when he had his first
encounters with UFOs.
And now as an adult, no matter
where he goes in the world,
he's able to film the most
clear and impressive flying
saucers, luminous ships,
and extraordinary paranormal
objects.
>>NOORY: Did I just see
a horse flying around?
>>MAUSSAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What's that?
>>MAUSSAN: [LAUGHING]
It's a horse.
I interviewed every witness.
All of them saw how this
horse was moving the legs.
>>NOORY: A real horse?
>>MAUSSAN: Yeah.
Let me explain.
At the beginning I
was very impressed.
It was, I kept in my mind
that image, you know?
And I presented
in the Mexican TV.
And everybody, "ha, ha, ha, ha.
This is a balloon,
Jaime, come on."
And then I went back to Italy.
And I couldn't find a
balloon like a horse.
Then we had to ask internet to
send us a balloon like a horse.
And they are this size.
OK, I took the balloon.
And you have the images.
And you will see how this
balloon goes upside down.
It goes straight to the sky.
It doesn't move like this horse.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MAUSSAN: You know?
That's the first thing.
>>NOORY: This was
under some control.
>>MAUSSAN: But even
more important,
after the witnesses they
told me that the horse was--
they recorded the horse
when it was going away,
not when it was
really close to them.
Because he didn't
have the camera.
Urzi came to see the horse
until he realized it was real.
He went up, get his
camera, came back,
but the horse was far away.
What is most
important, we found,
and I think nobody has,
three paintings with a flying
horse in Italy.
One of them is at the Vatican.
>>NOORY: You mean old paintings?
>>MAUSSAN: Old
paintings from 1517.
This was painted at the
Museum of the Vatican
in the chapel of
St. Peter Martyr.
OK, this man Pedro de Verona
who became St. Peter Martyr,
he was killed in 1252.
And we found after the
painting of the Vatican,
we found two more
paintings, two in Florence.
And we realized
that this happened
at the plaza of
the Santa Trinidad
in the middle of Florence.
>>NOORY: All with pictures
of a flying horse?
>>MAUSSAN: And you can
see the people, the crowd,
and you can see
the flying horse.
That is why this
man was the declared
a saint when he was killed.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>MAUSSAN: Two years after
the sighting of the horse,
he was declared a saint because
it was considered a miracle.
Now we don't believe in that.
So many years ago
it was a miracle.
Now it's laughable.
And I think this evidence
from one was painted in 1380.
The other was painted in 1445.
And the third one in
the Vatican in 1577.
>>NOORY: Jaime,
what do you think
the significance of a
flying horse might be?
What's happening and
why is it happening?
>>MAUSSAN: Just I think
it's a demonstration.
I think they're demonstrating
that they can do this.
>>NOORY: They levitate
the horse, do you think?
>>MAUSSAN: They
levitate the horse.
They can do that.
They come to the house of
Antonio, just in front of him,
to his window.
And he's able to record
right there these UFOs.
You just saw two or three.
>>NOORY: Oh, they're remarkable.
>>MAUSSAN: There are
50, 60 videos like that.
>>NOORY: Is he like Billy
Meier of Switzerland--
>>MAUSSAN: Exactly.
>>NOORY: --that has
those incredible--
>>MAUSSAN: Exactly, exactly.
Even more because
now it's closer.
It's in the middle of the city.
There are many witnesses.
There is a group now
that records with--
you saw the last two videos.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MAUSSAN: There are other
videos recorded by other people
at the same time.
>>NOORY: So this is ongoing.
>>MAUSSAN: Yeah.
And what is incredible, I've
been with Urzi in Laughlin,
Nevada and he recorded a UFO.
In Chicago, he recorded
a UFO, in New York,
in Argentina, in
Brazil, in Mexico City,
in Turkey, in all of those
places where he was invited,
he recorded UFOs.
I'm telling the
production people here,
I am telling you, invite Urzi.
Bring his videos.
And if he comes here
with enough time,
let's say three or four days--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>MAUSSAN: He will
record a UFO here.
Because they follow him.
>>NOORY: They follow
him, don't they.
>>MAUSSAN: I
couldn't believe it.
And he told me that sometimes
he sleeping and these creatures
come to his home.
I am very skeptical
about contactees.
And I am skeptical
about, you know--
>>NOORY: Until you
investigate them.
>>MAUSSAN: --ETs in
the houses and so on.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>MAUSSAN: It's very difficult
for me to believe that.
But he told me, Jaime,
it's very uncomfortable.
I wake up and I have a face
here in my face looking at me.
And I don't know what to do.
And they have told
me in my head that I
have to release all
this information.
That they want us to
understand that they are here.
That they are good.
That they don't want
problems with us.
They want to create a contact.
And he is the messenger.
>>NOORY: What's his
motivation for this?
Because, you know--
>>MAUSSAN: He
doesn't get a penny.
He doesn't ask a penny.
>>NOORY: All right, no money.
>>MAUSSAN: No money whatsoever.
He's poor.
I told you he designs for
Rihanna, for Beyonce, and so
on.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MAUSSAN: He doesn't get money.
>>NOORY: That's his career.
>>MAUSSAN: That's his career,
but everybody exploits him.
The big names Armani,
Versace, exploits him.
You know, they pay him peanuts.
And he has to continue.
And sometimes he
doesn't have money
to get tapes or cards to record.
That's the way, he lives
in a very small house.
It's a very simple life.
And he's so nice, you
couldn't believe it.
You have to meet him.
Because I think he's the most
important character right now.
And you know what?
He's not known in the USA.
>>NOORY: No.
>>MAUSSAN: He's not known.
>>NOORY: Well, he will
be after this program.
>>MAUSSAN: Please.
Because he deserves to be known.
He deserves good investigation.
MUFON should get
involved in this.
Go to Italy.
Take a look.
Go to the witnesses.
Probably they will have the
luck to record you for--
in June the 10th,
you saw the video,
a Japanese crew was
there recording.
And they got this video, too.
>>NOORY: Oh, they
must have been amazed.
Does he speak English?
>>MAUSSAN: No, he
doesn't speak English.
>>NOORY: He does not, all right.
>>MAUSSAN: He speaks
a little Spanish.
His mother is Argentinian.
And he speaks Italian.
Anyway, even if you have
to translate right in here,
bring him because his
is very important.
He's the Billy Meier.
>>NOORY: Maybe we could
have Paula Harris interpret
or something.
>>MAUSSAN: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Paula knows about him.
And many people know about
him, but not in the US.
I ask people here
and nobody knows him.
And I think this is the
most important case.
And he has so much to tell.
You will see what I mean.
>>NOORY: And you believe
that he gets these videos
because they're coming to him.
For some reason
they want him to be
able to tell the
world about them?
>>MAUSSAN: Absolutely
I know they come.
You know something
very important?
And this is very important for
the people that records UFOs.
After 2011, he got a huge lens.
And now he-- at the beginning
the UFOs came to his house,
very close, very close.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MAUSSAN: Now that
he has a big lens,
they come very high in the sky.
With these lenses, he's
able to record them.
And you can see what is a
little dot is a big UFO when
you use that lens.
It means that if
people start recording
UFOs with super lenses,
we are going to see
a very different reality.
>>NOORY: Absolutely, Jaime, has
he explained to you why him?
He's got to be
baffled about this.
>>MAUSSAN: I don't know.
I think this because
from very little kid
he was so interested.
He was looking to
the sky all the time.
He was looking to them.
He was-- he went to special
places to try to attract them.
And sometimes in
some of his videos
you can hear music in his house.
Because he meditates.
And after he
meditates, they come.
And he feels it.
He feels the [GASP],, when
you go to the roller coaster.
[GASP] You have this feeling.
He tells me it's
very uncomfortable.
Jaime, I am talking to you,
[GASP] and I feel this.
And I cannot talk.
I cannot do anything.
>>NOORY: Did he do
that in front of you?
>>MAUSSAN: And he
knows they are there.
And he takes a camera,
he looks for them.
And most of the time, he
records them right then.
>>NOORY: Does he enjoy the
fact that he's being contacted?
>>MAUSSAN: I think he likes it.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>MAUSSAN: He doesn't
like to be visit by them.
He doesn't like that
because he gets scared.
>>NOORY: Does it
scare him still?
>>MAUSSAN: Now he has
cameras inside this room.
And he says that
sooner or later, he's
going to record these
creatures inside his house.
>>NOORY: Has he been abducted?
>>MAUSSAN: No.
>>NOORY: He has not.
>>NOORY: Has he explained what
these creatures look like?
>>MAUSSAN: Yeah, they are--
some of them are human.
Many of them are greys.
And some of them
are tall whites.
That's what he says.
And they come to his
house, not the humans,
but to his home,
the little greys
and the other tall
whites, they come.
And he gets scared.
>>NOORY: Do the tall
whites look somewhat human?
>>MAUSSAN: Somewhat human, yes.
>>NOORY: They're skinnier
though, aren't they?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes,
exactly, and very tall.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MAUSSAN: He told me they came
from here to here in his house,
I was in his house.
>>NOORY: Eight feet,
nine feet tall?
>>MAUSSAN: Hm?
>>NOORY: How tall?
>>MAUSSAN: Like what?
Probably seven, six or seven
feet tall, very very tall.
>>NOORY: So we're being
visited, in your opinion--
>>MAUSSAN: He's being visited.
>>NOORY: --by a number of
different races and sects?
>>MAUSSAN: This
is the first time.
I just went to see him in May.
And this is the first
time he tells me
that he has been visited.
He didn't tell me before.
He said this happened
10 years ago.
And it's continue happening.
Not recently, but like for many
years it was very constant.
And now he has a camera
inside his house.
And he expects that
sooner or later, he's
going to record them.
And people will believe him.
And some people like
Giorgio Bongiovanni,
Giorgio Bongiovanni, the
stigmata, has told him twice.
Be ready--
>>NOORY: Stigmata, of
course, being the wounds
of Jesus, right, of Christ?
>>MAUSSAN: He said the
Virgin is going to give you
a sign flying in the sky.
Amazing, amazing.
And Giorgio told him before.
This time in just
recently in April 2018,
he told him you are
gonna record a gold UFO.
And he recorded this
gold UFO on April 17.
>>NOORY: Jaime,
are these messages?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Are they trying
to tell us something?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: What do you
think the message is?
>>MAUSSAN: They are using
him to tell us something.
They are using him for us to
get used to their presence.
I think this is
something important.
And I think very
soon we are going
to learn why it's so important.
>>NOORY: Is there a warning
behind this message?
>>MAUSSAN: No, not really.
>>NOORY: I mean, are we on
the verge of some calamity?
>>MAUSSAN: No, he
hasn't told me that.
>>NOORY: Would he?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes,
I think he would.
He would tell me, Jaime,
they are very scared.
Or they want us to
know that something
is going to happen to us.
No, no, they just want us
to know, according to him,
not to me, that they
want to be known.
They want us to accept
their presence here.
>>NOORY: Well if that's
the case, though,
why don't they land on
the White House lawn
or in the middle of New
York or something like that.
>>MAUSSAN: I don't know.
Because probably they want to
do it in a very smooth way.
They are using now--
>>NOORY: People
would panic, I think.
>>MAUSSAN: Probably.
Probably.
But after we accept
this case, for example,
we would be even more ready.
This is very important.
This is something else.
For the first time
in my life, I feel
like I am in front of a
real contactee, a messenger,
a man who has been
chosen to do this.
>>NOORY: The messages that
are out there that they
may be leaving for us could
very well be coming come
from crop formations as well.
>>MAUSSAN: That's possible.
>>NOORY: Do you think
that crop formations
might be messages from ETs?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Or I have always
thought that it had the "Gaia
theory," that this
planet is alive
and maybe it's
communicating with us.
I don't know.
What do you think?
>>MAUSSAN: No, I think
they come from the space.
I think they come
from intelligences.
I think it's ridiculous that
some people say they do it
in the middle of the night.
I've been there.
I've been there 15 years
in a row in England.
And I've been there
after they appear.
I was in a field
the night before
and the next
morning it is there.
>>NOORY: Yeah, it's weird.
>>MAUSSAN: And they tell me did
it from 10:00, 11:00 at night
to 4:00 in the morning.
>>NOORY: And nobody saw them?
>>MAUSSAN: Nobody saw them.
They didn't use any lights.
And they are so
complex, so perfect.
Why they don't record
themselves doing it?
You now have night
vision cameras,
Now you have drones
with [INAUDIBLE] cameras
that could prove that you
are doing something like that
in the middle of the night.
Why don't you do it?
>>NOORY: I tell Linda Moulton
how, all the time, Jaime,
that if there are 10 crop
formations, how many, Linda, do
you think, are real
or made by man?
And she said, I think
most of them are real.
And then I say, I
don't think they are.
I think maybe one is real.
And then she gets upset.
But I say, Linda, what
are you upset about?
All you need is one that is made
by some extraterrestrial group.
>>MAUSSAN: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: You don't need 10.
>>NOORY: You just need one.
>>MAUSSAN: Absolutely,
I agree with you.
But at the same time, I
think most of them are real.
It's very easy when
you educate your eye,
it's very easy to see
when they are not real.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MAUSSAN: And
when they are real.
>>NOORY: You can
see the difference?
>>MAUSSAN: The real
ones, they are perfect.
There is not any fault, any
detail in a real formation
that tells you--
>>NOORY: No mistake by man.
>>MAUSSAN: No.
>>NOORY: Let's look at
some crop formations.
>>MAUSSAN: Please.
>> This star-shaped formation is
one of the latest crop circles
of the year.
It appeared on July 7th in
Martinsell Hill in the UK.
Jaime Maussan has been
researching crop circles
for decades traveling
often to Europe
to study the most
incredible figures.
This other one appeared one day
at Sutton Hall, also in the UK.
This other star-shaped crop
circle showed up overnight
at Devil's Den in the UK.
June has been a prolific
month for crop circles
as it normally is, appearing all
over the UK and also in Italy.
It seems like there are messages
embedded in the circles which
Jaime and his team have
been analyzing and decoding
in an attempt to extract
the information that's
within their sacred
geometric patterns.
Interestingly enough, UFO
and paranormal phenomena
tend to accompany the appearance
of these stunning formations.
Is something or somebody trying
to communicate with humanity?
If so, what are they
trying to tell us?
>>NOORY: Jaime, that's some of
the best video I've ever seen.
>>MAUSSAN: These,
are from this year.
>>NOORY: It's amazing.
>>MAUSSAN: All of them
are from this year.
It seems that the
phenomenon continues.
The crop circle makers have
declared many, many times
we're going to stop this year.
We're going to stop.
We are not doing it anymore.
And they continue.
Who are doing them?
Prove me that you
do it, you know?
Because it's very easy to say--
>>NOORY: How long would it
take a human or group of people
to do what we saw there?
>>MAUSSAN: You
remember in California,
it was done, one very nice a
few years ago to make publicity.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MAUSSAN: They
did it in day time.
They did it.
It took them two weeks to do it.
>>NOORY: Two weeks in day time--
>>MAUSSAN: Yes, sir.
>>NOORY: --where people
could see them, right?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
But in the United States
nobody is aware of that.
Then you see people working in a
field, you don't pay attention.
>>NOORY: You think
they're working.
>>MAUSSAN: But in
England if you are
in the middle of
the night in a crop,
everybody will know that
you are doing something.
>>NOORY: Of course.
Absolutely.
>>MAUSSAN: Why nobody--
>>NOORY: And you can't
do it in the dark.
>>MAUSSAN: In so many years,
in almost 30 years or 35 years,
nobody has been caught doing it.
Why?
Why nobody has been caught?
>>NOORY: They're not that good.
>>MAUSSAN: And the
farmers are really angry.
You saw the stars.
>>NOORY: This is
their field, right?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes,
the star formation,
the first one you saw.
>>NOORY: How big is that?
>>MAUSSAN: It was destroyed
the same day by the farmer.
>>NOORY: He just
mowed them down.
>>MAUSSAN: Yeah, because he
was very mad because people
would come to his field.
>>NOORY: Well that's
his wheat field.
>>MAUSSAN: Yeah, you, and he
said, you know what he said?
If they asked me, I
would give them one part
of my land to do their thing.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MAUSSAN: Because I wouldn't
spend money on herbicides,
I wouldn't spend
money on fertilizers.
You see?
And then do it.
Do whatever you want.
And they don't ask me because
this is not done by humans,
you know?
>>NOORY: What's the
message, Jaime, behind some
of those symbols we saw?
>>MAUSSAN: We know
some messages.
These messages are a
little cataclysmic.
For example, in
2002, you remember
the face, the alien face?
>>NOORY: The face, right.
>>MAUSSAN: And you remember
the message in binary code?
>>NOORY: Mm-hm.
>>MAUSSAN: And they said
"much pain, but still time."
They said that.
In 2008, there was a cross with
also a message in a bar code
and it said, "beware."
It seems that they
are trying to tell us
something is going to happen.
>>NOORY: Something is happening.
>>MAUSSAN: I don't know.
In 2011, at the end
of 2011 in Mexico,
this didn't happen
in England, we
have a formation
that you could see
an asteroid coming to earth.
>>NOORY: Ah-ha.
>>MAUSSAN: And this happened
12 or 14 months later.
>>NOORY: Almost like
we were gonna get hit.
>>MAUSSAN: In February 2013,
OK, it happened in Chelyabinsk.
>>NOORY: In Russia.
>>MAUSSAN: In Russia.
And it was a message.
>>NOORY: 1,400 people were
injured from the concussion--
>>MAUSSAN: Absolutely
>>NOORY: --of the explosion.
>>MAUSSAN: And they told us
this was going to happen.
And through-- beginning
2011, December,
we have so many
sightings in Chelyabinsk.
In December 22, 2011,
at least 20 people
recorded a UFO going
around the city.
20 people, 20 recordings
of the same object
going around Chelyabinsk.
Through the whole
next year, 2012,
there were many sightings.
I have many, many videos.
And then in February
we have the crash
of the asteroid in
the very same place.
>>NOORY: Unbelievable timing.
>>MAUSSAN: I don't think
it's a coincidence.
>>NOORY: No, there
are no coincidences.
>>MAUSSAN: But we don't
want to look at them.
We don't want to believe
anything, you know?
They are trying to
get in touch with us
through the crop formations.
They are trying to tell us.
They are giving us messages
and we don't want to listen.
>>NOORY: Is science
investigating these formations
at all?
>>MAUSSAN: No, no, they
declare these are fake.
They don't want to get involved.
They feel like if they do
it, they will be punished.
They will be declared crazy.
They don't just want to do it.
Ask a scientist to
investigate the phenomenon
and you'll see what I mean.
They don't want to get involved.
That's very unfortunate
because the scientists,
the first duty is
to investigate, not
to declare something fake
without investigation.
>>NOORY: Investigate it first.
>>MAUSSAN: That's the-- but
they don't want to do it.
That's very unfortunate.
They don't want to do it.
All the scientific
investigations
in the crop formations
have demonstrated
that the crystals
inside the plants
are in disarray after
a formation is done.
I told you about a ghost
formation that was there.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MAUSSAN: That was
the very last one.
There was a formation in the
very same place last year,
at the end of last year,
the very same formation.
And the energy remained
there and reappeared.
Now that the plants
are growing again,
the formation is still there.
Explain to me that.
This is a ghost
formation from this year.
Nobody was there.
It's just the energy that
remained from the last year
with the same formation.
It proves right there
that this is not human.
This is done by someone else.
>>NOORY: Is it done by the same
ETs that we saw in "Amicizia."
>>MAUSSAN: I don't
know, probably.
>>NOORY: Maybe?
>>MAUSSAN: I don't know.
You know, I think we
are visited by hundreds
of different civilizations.
I don't know if all of
them think the same.
I don't know if all
of them are positive.
I don't really know.
I cannot tell you
what I don't know.
What I know is that
the phenomenon is real.
I'm not crazy.
I'm dedicating my
life to this because I
believe this is the
most important thing
for human beings right now.
We are part of a
group of planets,
of a confederation of
planets in the universe that
have intelligent life.
And we have to become adults,
not adolescents like we are.
We are abusing our planet.
We are destroying our planet.
We are doing stupid things.
We now have to
grow and understand
that there are many
intelligent beings.
In 1995 the first
exoplanet was discovered.
Now we know that there are--
>>NOORY: Hundreds and thousands.
>>MAUSSAN: Hundreds
and dozens of--
>>NOORY: Maybe millions.
>>MAUSSAN: --Earth-like planets
that could have life, you know?
There are many even 10,
20 light years away.
There are, like
TRAPPIST, you know,
the seven planets in
the TRAPPIST system,
39 year light years away,
all of them, all of them
are like the Earth.
And at least three of them
are in the habitable zone.
It means that they could
be exactly like Earth.
Can you imagine if
in our solar system
there was a second planet with
intelligent beings like us?
>>NOORY: Oh, it
would be amazing.
>>MAUSSAN: We would be very
different here, you know?
>>NOORY: Yes we would.
>>MAUSSAN: And I think we
have to understand and accept
that and accept that we are just
one of the intelligent beings
in the universe.
And the scientists have to
evolve to that, you know?
You know about
the pentagon UFOs.
You know what happened there.
You know that they are accepting
people in the military, pilots,
radar operators,
people in the Pentagon
are accepting that they don't
know what is this phenomenon.
What are we waiting for?
What are we so afraid
to accept all of this?
We have to really, at least
there only, for me, it's
the only way to save the Earth.
I believe if we don't do it,
if we don't have a big change,
something bad is
going to happen to us.
>>NOORY: So there's no
question, these formations
are being developed
ETs, in your opinion,
to give us a specific
targeted message?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: But that message,
you think, is a warning
most of the time?
>>MAUSSAN: No.
I think the message is
that we are not alone.
That's the main message.
And two times through
this year they
gave us a specific message,
one in binary code.
There is no mistake there.
And the second in barcode.
It means-- and the third message
was in 2014 at the 6th of June,
the anniversary of the
landing in Normandy.
It was no more wars.
No more wars.
That's the third
message we received.
It was said in Morse code.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MAUSSAN: Then we
know that it's not just
to what we think about it,
it's a real, straight message.
>>NOORY: Because when
you look at the video
we just saw of the crop
formations, it's pretty art.
I mean, it looks nice.
Are there any crop
formations out there
that look so horrendous one
would look at them and go,
oh my god, something horrible is
going to happen to this planet?
>>MAUSSAN: No.
>>NOORY: You don't get that.
>>MAUSSAN: No, I
haven't seen one.
I haven't seen one.
All of them are sacred geometry.
They are mathematics,
geometrical formations.
Then, no, think all of them are
very, very nice, very beauty.
>>NOORY: Jaime, our
dear friend Erich von
Daniken wrote a book years ago
called "Chariots of the Gods."
And he highlighted the
Nazca Lines in Peru
that he is convinced were
made by extraterrestrials
and with humans as
messages for those above.
They could see things, spiders,
all kinds of symbols and stuff.
You've been investigating this,
much more than just the lines.
Tell us what you've been doing.
>>MAUSSAN: Yes, I've been
investigating these bodies,
these dessicated bodies.
Because we cannot consider them
mummies because they were not
done mummies.
They were just put in a cave
with diatomaceous earth.
And, you know, this
desiccates the body.
Yes, I have been
investigating this.
And we are very, very
close now to have
the final results of the DNA.
And I think it's
going to prove that we
found two different species.
One like human,
just very similar
but not the same, and the second
like reptiles, which are--
>>NOORY: ET types.
>>MAUSSAN: Yeah, ET types
like 15, 20 inches tall.
And I think in both
cases we're going
to get the results we want.
The analysis has taken time,
more than I thought it would.
But they are done in
the best possible way.
50 layers, for
people, Investigators
that know about this, it
means that it's very in-depth.
And we're going to have
the results very soon.
And I'm going to be
here talking to you
very soon about those results.
And I am very sure,
I could be wrong,
I don't have the
proof in my hands,
but I think that
we're going to have
a very good scientific evidence
to prove that in the past,
there were creatures that were
not humans living with humans.
And I agree now with
Erich von Daniken,
these lines were
done by these hybrids
that I think are hybrids.
And I will explain why now.
That lived with humans
and they did these lines
to communicate with the sky.
>>NOORY: To communicate
symbols to up above.
>>MAUSSAN: Why I think
they are hybrids?
As you know, the Paracas
skulls were analyzed
and now we know these
skulls have the foramen
magnum, the hole in the the head
connected to the spine back,
it's like half an inch back.
>>NOORY: More so than us?
>>MAUSSAN: Exactly, exactly.
And that cannot be done.
It means that the
heads were real.
They were not elongated here
they were not made by humans.
They were that way.
And it's the same that we found
in Egypt, we found in Peru, we
found in Mexico.
>>NOORY: They were
born that way.
>>MAUSSAN: And they found
through the analysis of the DNA
that the origin of these skulls
is the Middle East, probably
the Sumerians.
You know the legends there.
Probably they came as hybrids
to really give knowledge
to the rest of the world.
>>NOORY: In June of 2018,
Gaia released updates of Nazca
with scientist William Brown.
>>WILLIAM BROWN: I'm only
analyzing or interpreting
the data as presented
in the report.
I would say that the beings from
which the samples were taken,
from which the DNA
was analyzed, are not
of any known terrestrial origin.
They don't appear to match
any species on Earth.
I first saw the Nazca mummies,
"most likely it's fake,"
that was what I thought.
Although, that was my initial
reaction to seeing it,
when I saw CT scans,
imaging of the bone
underneath by
individuals who are
trained in this kind of
practice, this kind of study.
So of the DNA that was
isolated, only 25% of the total
matched any known human gene.
>>NOORY: So in the beginning,
he thought they were fake.
He changed his mind, didn't he?
>>MAUSSAN: Absolutely.
Like many scientists, this is
going to happen to everyone.
Because I didn't do
anything to the bodies.
They accused me in Peru that
I took the bodies to a shop.
I cut the fingers, I put
the fingers back into--
you know?
>>NOORY: Why would
you do that, Jaime?
>>MAUSSAN: I don't know.
The archaeologists,
the anthropologists.
But now let me tell you
something that just happened.
A congressman in Peru
asked to make a law
to protect these bodies, to
investigate these bodies.
And he's ordering the
Ministry of Culture
to investigate these bodies.
>>NOORY: How many are
there that we know of?
>>MAUSSAN: We know, we have
an adult we call Maria.
There is a baby we
call Wawita, the baby.
And they are human-like.
And we have at least,
at least, probably even
more, six types, six reptile
bodies 20 inches long.
>>NOORY: Found in
a cave in Peru?
>>MAUSSAN: Found
in a cave in Peru
in a mine of diatomaceous earth.
>>NOORY: Do you think they
died there or were put there?
>>MAUSSAN: No, no, no,
they were buried there.
>>NOORY: They were buried there?
>>MAUSSAN: Absolutely.
They were buried by the people.
You have to remember
that in the past
the reptiles like Quetzalcoatl
were the ones that were sacred.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MAUSSAN: These creatures
don't have ears, OK?
Look at the head.
The body was stronger than us.
They have arms like a gorilla.
They were very strong.
They run very fast because of
the long, the feet so long.
They were able to run very fast.
It means that they were
considered very, very special.
And they have all
this knowledge.
They had to be sacred.
They had to be gods.
And they were treated like gods.
>>NOORY: It's remarkable.
>>MAUSSAN: I think history
is going to change.
I think they were the ones that
are behind all these mysteries
in Sacsayhuaman or Machu
Picchu or in Mexico or in Egypt
or Tiahuanaco, Puma Punku.
All of these are real
mysteries from the past.
And I think they are
related to these creatures.
And history is going to
have to change, George.
And that is why it's so
difficult to do anything
about this because when we
have to change everything
we believe, we don't
want to do that.
But it's going to happen.
And we will have to accept
that from the very past,
we were in contact with
these civilizations,
probably even more than today.
>>NOORY: What happens next
in the investigation, Jaime?
>>MAUSSAN: Well, we have to wait
for the analysis of the DNA.
Once this is accepted, we have
to present probably a big press
conference.
I don't know what Gaia
wants to do because Gaia
is very much involved in this.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>MAUSSAN: Without
the support of Gaia,
I wouldn't have been
able to do this.
And I am very, very
thankful to Gaia.
And I think it's an organization
that has come to this field
to really help us,
to open our mind,
our hearts to these phenomenon.
And after they
decide what to do,
I think this is going to be
news all around the world.
We need to publish
a scientific paper.
I'm not a scientist.
But we will find
a scientists who
writes a scientific paper with
all the analysis and results.
Once that is done, we have
to protect the bodies.
We have to take them to
a university in Peru.
And they have to be
there for the future.
People all around the world
will be able to see these bodies
and to decide for
themselves if they
are real, the smoking going that
we've been looking for so long.
And it's right there.
It's physical.
As you know, I had a bad
experience three years ago
when I presented a picture.
I still believe was
an ET in Mexico City.
>>NOORY: Right, I remember that.
>>MAUSSAN: And I was attacked.
And I couldn't defend
myself because all I
had was a picture.
And you cannot defend a picture.
It's very difficult
to defend a picture.
But now we have the bodies.
And we have the analysis.
And we have everything.
And if these little
creatures are reptiles
and they are intelligent,
it means that the ETs
were here and are here.
And probably this is going
to be the biggest news ever.
And we are very, very close
to have this information,
to release this information.
We are weeks away to
this incredible news.
I think it's a time to be happy.
It's a time to celebrate
because something very important
is going to happen.
And if not, if not, we
will tell it to the world.
That's a compromise.
>>NOORY: One way or
another, one way or another.
>>MAUSSAN: Yes, sir.
I am not a liar.
I won't lie.
You know, I am an investigator.
I am a human being.
I want to know the
truth like you are.
>>NOORY: And then move on.
>>MAUSSAN: Exactly.
Exactly, and to
build a better world.
>>NOORY: Where are
the bodies now, Jaime?
>>MAUSSAN: Right now they
are somewhere in Cusco.
That's what I know,
somewhere in Cusco.
But they are ready to be moved.
>>NOORY: Are they protected?
>>MAUSSAN: They are protected.
They are ready to be
moved and delivered
to the authorities in
Peru because that's
where they belong.
But they have--
>>NOORY: Do they want them back?
Is there some--
>>MAUSSAN: They
haven't asked for them.
They haven't done anything.
They were told at
the beginning of 2017
that these bodies existed, that
these things were happening.
And there was no answer.
So far has not been any answer.
>>NOORY: From the
Peruvian government?
>>NOORY: From the Ministry
of Culture of Peru,
no answer whatsoever.
>>NOORY: Nothing?
>>MAUSSAN: Nothing.
Nothing.
>>NOORY: That's
strange all by itself.
>>MAUSSAN: No, its because
all the archaeologists
and anthropologists said
that this was a fake.
I had a debate in television
with an archaeologist.
And she said that if
these mummies were true,
she would eat a cockroach
with mayonnaise.
>>NOORY: How could they say
it's fake until they're tested?
>>MAUSSAN: That's what I said.
>>NOORY: Then you say
what you have to say.
>>MAUSSAN: That's what I said.
That's what I tell you, all the
scientists are very prejudiced.
And they like to say even before
they know anything it's fake.
And that's why I said,
please investigate.
I'm not telling you
that they are real.
All I am asking
is to investigate.
>>NOORY: And find out.
>>MAUSSAN: Yes.
And I ask all the people
who consider themselves
investigators just in the
internet not to consider
themselves investigators.
The only way to
consider investigator,
go there, find out,
investigate yourself.
That's what I do.
All the cases I presented
here, I've been there.
I've been talking to people.
I've done my homework.
>>NOORY: Jaime,
if it's determined
that these creatures are
"out of this world," what
does that tell us?
>>MAUSSAN: That
we're in contact,
that we have an incredible
future, that our kids are not
going to confront what looks
like an unavoidable future
with catastrophes and so on.
It means that we could
get out of these problems
and we could change and
create this paradise on Earth.
We have now the opportunity.
We have the evidence to support
that and to believe that.
And I think that is
just about to happen.
I'm very happy.
I'm very excited
for the near future.
>>NOORY: Can we tell
by the creatures
how they may have died?
>>MAUSSAN: Well, we think that
Maria died of tuberculosis.
They were half humans
and they were half ETs.
>>NOORY: Subject to disease
and everything else.
>>MAUSSAN: Yeah, they
lived like humans.
They didn't live in craft.
They didn't leave
like all the luxury.
They lived like us.
And they confronted the
same sickness like us.
There is something
behind this phenomenon
that it makes them closer to us.
As I told you in the
"Amicizia" case, they smoke.
They drink.
They drove cars.
They live like us.
They like us.
They want to be like
us, too, in a good way.
>>NOORY: Well, this is
their home now maybe.
>>MAUSSAN: Probably
it's been all the time.
>>NOORY: The hybrids from Peru,
were they created with man
and alien you think?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes.
That's what I think.
We found in this first
analysis, as you heard,
25% human, just 25%.
OK, it means that it's a part
of human, but 75% unknown,
probably contaminated.
But I don't think you
can contaminate 75%,
probably 30%, 40%,
50% is contaminated.
But you know, a chimpanzee
is 99.99% percent human.
>>NOORY: 99.9, there's
just one little strand.
>>MAUSSAN: A fly is 95%.
A mouse is 98%.
>>NOORY: It's all close.
>>MAUSSAN: It's very close.
>>NOORY: What does
that tell you?
These species all
came from the same.
>>MAUSSAN: From the same
origin, the same evolution.
You see, then it's
human, yeah, 25% human.
What about the rest?
And we are going to find
out in the very few weeks,
in the very next time.
>>NOORY: And what's your
gut tell you, Jaime?
I know you're waiting
for the results.
But is there something inside?
>>MAUSSAN: I know
they are gonna be ET.
I can be wrong.
But I don't think
I will be wrong.
Because I saw it
with my own eyes.
>>NOORY: If you're wrong,
do you continue to search?
>>MAUSSAN: Absolutely.
Absolutely, there
is so much more.
Once this is opened,
we have to go back
to Peru we have to find out
more about the mysteries.
We have to find, I am sure
there are more like those
buried in Peru.
>>NOORY: They could be
all over the planet.
>>MAUSSAN: I think that there is
so much more to be discovered.
>>NOORY: All over the planet.
>>MAUSSAN: You know, one
of your producers, Jay,
he was with me there.
He was amazed like I was.
You know, we were
like, what is this?
He said from the beginning,
this is a hybrid.
You know, and he was amazed.
"Jaime, this is
history," he told me.
And we were convinced and we
took scientists from Peru,
from Mexico and from Russia and
all of them we were a group.
He can tell you all about it.
We were so together.
We were so excited
because we knew
we had found something
extraordinary.
>>NOORY: I love your
enthusiasm, Jaime, and thank you
for being on "Beyond Belief."
>>MAUSSAN: No, it's a pleasure.
It's an honor for me to
be with you, George Noory.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: These are
amazing topics.
UFOs in Italy, creatures found
in Peru, soon we'll get results
and we'll let you know right
here on "Beyond Belief."